Grids: Add AI Column API descriptions (#8121)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/40 Common Types/15 grids/ColumnAIOptions/mode.md

---
---
##### shortDescription

> Configures whether the column sends AI requests automatically or manually.

Reviewer: A column can send a request automatically. But manual mode implies that something else initiates those requests. So you can't say "column sends a request manually".

```suggestion
Configures whether the column sends AI requests automatically or on demand.
```
